WEEK 01:

Group formation and brainstorming potential project ideas.

WEEK 02:

For project selection, we created a decision matrix to choose the 
best project for our team under a certain criteria. I suggested
project 6 (Stock Porfolio Management) due to my experience in
stock trading and investing and my background in signal processing,
which I hope to use in providing analytics to the project.

WEEK 03:

I focused on researching the current market of portfolio
management systems to figure out what ours will offer and how it 
differs from others. I came to the conclusion that generally all 
portfolio management systems have a set of core functionality 
that we must also provide but is missing any feature to aid the 
investor in building their own portfolio.

WEEK 04:

Submission of project proposal and clarification of the technology 
stack. We decided to use a React in the front end and the Alphavantage 
API.

WEEK 05:

I spent most of my time figuring out how to create a useable class 
that provides information on a stock. This turned out to be not 
possible in React as it can not treat the components as a regular 
class. I was able to produce something that correctly called the API 
but face difficulty in formatting it in a reusable manner.

WEEK 06:

I mostly focused on setting up the UI elements on the webapp.
I refactored the component code such that they are more consistent 
and started integrating bootstrap into UI elements. I changed the API 
stock class to be callable from other components and automatically display 
in a table format.  

WEEK 07:

I set up each page according to our UI discussion on Monday. I created a 
table drop down for user watchlists and created the Portfolio page with the 
overview and table component.

WEEK 08: 

I added the add stock drop down menu onto the portfolio page so the user 
is now able to add stocks to their current porftolio. I started working on 
the portfolio builder page, allowing it to grab the current potential portfolios 
for the user and display each portfolios networth, change and change percent.

WEEK 09:

Matt and I linked the portfolio builder to a portfolio page. I changed the 
portfolio page to be more general such that it can only accept a portfolio name 
and display that portfolio. I implemented the adding and removing of portfolios 
in the portfolio builder. I spent most of my time fixing an issue where removing 
stock does not remove the correct portfolio component but the correct portfolio 
is removed.

I also refactored the portfolio builder page to use less api calls and 
implemented a moving average filter on the stock graph to show a trendline.
